Install Mac OS X dependencies (#103)
yourbase/yb: README.md

Currently, the _inner_ yb that runs inside the build container will use the stable channel by default. To change that, set the environment variable `YB_UPDATE_CHANNEL=unstable` before running yb.

> # Mac OS X dependency

Reviewer: Let's add this to the "How to use it" section so the user isn't surprised later.

> Some build packs (Python, Ruby and Homebrew) needs Mac OS SDK Headers to be installed:

Reviewer: Correct styling is "macOS".

```suggestion
Some build packs (Python, Ruby and Homebrew) needs macOS SDK Headers to be installed:
```
